Updating Docker documentations (#868)
prestosql/presto: presto-docker-image/README.md

`/usr/lib/presto/etc` (the latter takes precedence). If neither of these exists
then the default single node configuration will be used.

### Quickstart

> The following steps will guide to quick test Presto using docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following guide to quickly launch single-node Presto installation in a Docker container.
```

 1. Run the Presto docker

>   To launch single machine prestosql instance for testing which will function as both a coordinator and worker, just run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can launch single-node Presto for testing purposes. The Presto node will function both
as a coordinator and a worker. To launch it, execute:
```

  ```bash
  docker run -p 8080:8080 --name presto prestosql/presto
  ```
  
  NOTE: You need to have [docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/) installed in the system

  Wait for the message: `INFO	main	io.prestosql.server.PrestoServer	======== SERVER STARTED ========`

  Now Presto server is running at `localhost:8080`
 
 2. Connect to Presto 
 
  To connect to Presto server: 
  ```bash
  docker exec -it presto presto
  ```	 	

  Now, Show the catalogs using:	
  ```bash
  presto> show catalogs;
  ```
  Show schemas in catalog `tpch`:
  
  Use catalog tpch and schema sf1: 
  ```bash
  presto:sf1> use tpch.sf1;
  ```

  OR  
  
  ```
  docker exec -it presto presto --catalog tpch --schema sf1
  ```
  
  Run the queries:
  ```bash

>   presto:sf1> SELECT COUNT(*) FROM customer;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  presto:sf1> SELECT count(*) FROM customer;
```

The default configuration uses `/data/presto` as the default for
`node.data-dir`. Thus if using the default configuration and a mounted volume
is desired for the data directory it should be mounted to `/data/presto`.

> ### Quickstart

Reviewer: Let's move it above `Specific Config Options`

> The following steps will guide to quick test PrestoSQL using docker image.

Reviewer: Please use "Presto" rather then "PrestoSQL".

Reviewer: Also please update this in all the other places below.

 1. Run the PrestoSQL docker

  To launch single machine prestosql instance for testing which will function as both a coordinator and worker, just run:

  ```bash

>   docker run -p 8080:8080 prestosql/presto:latest

Reviewer: - `:latest` is default, so no need to specify it here
- give the instance a name: `--name presto`

  ```
  
  NOTE: You need to have [docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/) installed in the system

  Wait for the message: `INFO	main	io.prestosql.server.PrestoServer	======== SERVER STARTED ========`

>   Now PrestoSQL server is running at `localhost:8080` or `YOUR-INSTANCE-IP:8080`

Reviewer: I think we can omit `` or `YOUR-INSTANCE-IP:8080` `` for brevity.

 
 2. Connect to PrestoSQL 
 
  To connect to PrestoSQL server: 
  
  Download the PrestoSQL CLI (terminal-based interactive shell for running queries) using command: 
  ```bash

>   wget -O presto-cli-312 https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/io/prestosql/presto-cli/312/presto-cli-312-executable.jar

Reviewer: You're using hard-coded version number here, so we should be updating this per-release.... better to have something that doesn't require maintenance

i strongly feel the docker image that we recommend for demo purposes should have presto-cli preinstalled, and available on `$PATH` (perhaps in `/usr/local/bin`). I think postgresql, myql, mssql docker images all do so and I find this very convenient.

So, I suggest
1. we add the cli to the image
2. we just use `docker exec -it presto presto-cli`

Author: Yeah!, That can help

Reviewer 2: So the docker image does contain the CLI already and it is in the path at `/usr/bin/presto`

Author: Okay Update :)

Reviewer 3: I just tried and this works today (if you use `--name presto` when starting the container):
```
docker exec -it presto presto
```

Author: Yeah, I updated that 
https://github.com/prestosql/presto/pull/868/files#diff-67eef4356830ac58f22e2395cca9b6c6R54

  ```

>   NOTE: [Java](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html) should already be installed in system. Run `apt install openjdk-8-jre-headless` OR `brew install java` 

Reviewer: When cli is prepackaged in the docker, this line becomes obsolete.

Reviewer 2: CLI is already packaged.
